docs: Refresh daemon developer docs (#4412)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/developers/daemon/04-permission-mediation.md

| Policy            | Resolution rule                                                                                                               | Use case                                                                 |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `first-responder` | First valid vote wins; later voters get `permission_already_resolved`.                                                        | Live cross-client collaboration UX (default).                            |
| `designated`      | Only the prompt's `originatorClientId` may resolve; others see `permission_forbidden{designated_mismatch}`.                   | Per-tenant SaaS where the UI surface must own its own approvals.         |

> | `consensus`       | N-of-M quorum across pair-token-authenticated clients; intermediate `permission_partial_vote` events let UIs render progress. | Enterprise change review where two operators must agree.                 |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The `consensus` policy overview says "N-of-M quorum across **pair-token-authenticated** clients", but pair-token authentication does not exist in v1. The Caveats section at line 212 correctly states: "A pair-token mechanism ... is planned for a future PR but not in v1."

This internal inconsistency is misleading — a developer reading only the Overview table would believe `consensus` provides real multi-party authorization with authenticated, distinct operators, when in reality any client that observed the SSE `originatorClientId` can spoof identity and inject votes.

```suggestion
| `consensus`       | N-of-M quorum across clients identified by self-declared `X-Qwen-Client-Id` (no proof-of-possession in v1); intermediate `permission_partial_vote` events let UIs render progress. | Enterprise change review where two operators must agree. |
```

_— qwen-latest-series-invite-beta-v36 via Qwen Code /review_

Author: ⚠️ Valid observation; requires author decision on direction (not a mechanical fix). Deferred to author.
